Final readme for devenv (#15)
netdata/community: devenv/README.md

A Developer Environment (or devenv for short) is a workspace for developers to make changes without breaking anything in a live environment. 

In order to foster contribution for the Netdata Agent and it's various collectors, we created an image that is a devenv on it's own, a fully containerized environment where it has everything a developer needs to develop improvements on the Netdata Agent itself or it's collectors.

> We have included all the dependencies that you need to build the Netdata Agent and it's collectors. Moreover, we have included helpful tools such as `python pip` and `flake8`. 

Reviewer: I would make this second sentence something like: ‘We have additionally included many of the tools we use for checking PRs, including various linters like `flake8` and `shellcheck`’.

We want to point out that the extra stuff we included is actively useful to the development process we use, not that they’re just generically useful.

You only need to download your forked repositories and you can begin developing right away!

# Dockerfile

> Inside this repository you can find the Dockerfile which is used to create the Docker Container. It is automatically published on [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/netdata/devenv), using a CI/CD pipeline based on GitHub Actions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside this repository you can find the Dockerfile which is used to create the development environment Docker image. It is automatically published on [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/netdata/devenv), using a CI/CD pipeline based on GitHub Actions. 
```

Without a change like this, the wording is somewhat ambiguous, and could be interpreted to mean that this is the Dockerfile used for the official Netdata Agent images.

# How to use the Devenv 

This devenv makes use of:
- [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), one of the most used open source editors on the Internet.
- [Remote Containers](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers) VS Code extension.

> - [Docker](https://www.docker.com/).

Reviewer: I would specifically call out that using VSCode is optional. Yes, we can directly integrate with it, but it0s not required to use the development environment.
